hi Christopher Hughes of book test comm
today we're on the Pearl 60 and it has a
few surprises we want to share with you
come on and let's see what she has
what's interesting about this 60-footer
is it actually has five cabins we're
gonna take you through each of them
there's one forward VIP stateroom
there's two side berths there's a main
aft cabin and there's also a crew corner
now something else that pearl does is
the soul here in the main salon this is
a galley up design this is actually not
wood it's called antique oh and it's a
composite material the rest of the
cabinetry is actually American walnut
and you'll notice as we go through that
all the countertops and even some of the
floors in the heads are black granite
the Pearl 60 has a length overall of 58
feet four inches a beam of 16 feet four
inches and a draught of five feet she
carries 616 gallons of fuel and 154
gallons of water let's take a look at
some of the features that make the Pearl
60s such a unique boat starting in the
galley slash dining area you'll notice
that she was designed with intimacy in
mind just after the helm is the smallish
galley perfect for those short meals
while underway or entertaining dockside
into port is a comfortable set thien
table not only is this a warm and
inviting dining area it's also a great
gathering spot while underway
particularly when the boat is being
piloted from the lower helm just a bath
and two steps down from the galley is
the sunken main salon separated by
stairs both fore and aft the salon lower
deck adds to the intimate feeling that
is echoed throughout the yacht's entire
interior moving to the accommodation
deck we start with the forward VIP
stateroom not much unusual here it
features an island berth by the standard
storage underneath there is an N sweet
head with comfortable and roomy layout
just down the passageway is another head
with a
access just AB after the VIP our dual
guests staterooms that mirrored each
other with dual twin births between the
two births is a single night table with
drawers and more storage can be found
under the berths as well
the unusual starts with the master
stateroom accessed via a stairway in the
aft section of the main salon the full
beam master is actually located fully
aft in the home even behind the engine
compartment you can choose from having
your Island berth center mounted or
straight against the port bulkhead
whichever feels more comfortable for you
all bulkheads are mirrored and the fit
and finish is impeccable large hull side
windows let in ample amounts of natural
light the flybridge has a clean and
simple look to the helm itself and a
clever use of the space here we have a
full size dining table and the forward
seat switch back for the companion
seating doubles when it's in the forward
position you're perfectly suited to sit
at the table and when it's in the aft
position it actually makes a rather
large Sun Lounger I wanted to finish our
review back here this is where the
entertainment will take place so you can
enjoy the great weather something I
wanted to call your attention to was the
way that Pearl has approached the door
is leading into the salon itself they've
done a cutaway and they've curved the
door back and what that's done is it's
really helped to open up this back area
and of course here is where really
you're gonna be able to have an
excellent dinner party or lunch and seat
six of your friends and enjoy the reason
why you bought the boat for boat Escom
i'm christopher hughes and thank you for
joining us